foreign
I should probably start just with a
quick little background of me since no
one's ever heard of me I I'm the CEO of
a company called hashicorp anybody here
use our products in your Ops teams I
actually bet it's much more than that
because people don't realize that we are
the company behind products like
terraform Vault console Nomad vagrant
Packer and a whole bunch of other Ops
products that probably are if you're
using Cloud infrastructure almost
certainly you're using the good news is
we make them open source so that's
probably why you're not paying us
anything but which is just how the model
works so I've been in the in the startup
ecosystem for a lot longer than I might
care to admit
um they're going on 20 years and I've
kind of been intrigued by two things
always one is I really like
infrastructure I think infrastructure is
really really cool I like knowing that
when I go swipe my credit card at that
gas station or whatever whatever
application I'm using I know that it
goes through products that we envisioned
and built it doesn't matter to me that
other people didn't don't know that we
get a real visceral satisfaction out
that I think that's one of the criteria
for company buildings you really have to
think what you're doing is cool I think
infrastructure is cool I know that's
weird number two I've been really
obsessed with the notion of company
building I think uh I think company
building is a fundamentally team Pursuit
where a group of people are aligned
around a common idea and we win together
we generate value together people pay us
a dollar for our services or our
products because that has value to them
and that is inherently satisfying so I
spent 20 plus years doing that I've
actually done that inside some larger
companies I spend a good amount of time
at Microsoft earlier in my career and so
I kind of got to see what scale looks
like you know you want to see what it
looks like to refresh a revenue report
and have millions of dollars appear
every time you refresh it that's what it
looks like at Microsoft when you refresh
revenue reports it is at an enormous
enormous scale
I also had then spent uh some time at
one of these companies is projecting one
of these companies here uh around 60
million in Revenue uh one of them around
100 million and then I did actually a
handful of companies from zero through
their IPO process so you'll see some
commonalities here these are all
infrastructure companies
um they are all deeply under the
coverage things you're not necessarily
aware of
when I look at web methods in particular
you've probably never heard of web
methods but it jumps out at me because
it's an example of the craziness that
happens in the financial markets that
sometimes distracts us where methods
went public on 15 million dollars in
revenue and opened on the first day at
seven billion dollars in valuation right
that was in 2001. seven or eight years
later after executing double-digit
growth rates all through that time they
sold for about 400 million dollars
right so what that tells us is what we
should be focused on is not so much
worrying about the externalities we
should be focused on the business
building aspects of what we do because
that's what's repeatable
what strikes me with that lens backwards
which looks very deliberate but in
hindsight but in fact was fairly
serendipitous is that there's in immense
repeatability to the to the business
building process and that's why a lot of
you are serial entrepreneurs
to me it's really these three things
pick the market find the people build
the systems those are the three aspects
whether you're building a restaurant or
whether you're building a car wash or
whether you're building a software
company that we do and you might say
well hold on a second
that's kind of backwards I don't pick a
market I build a product and I take it
to Market
then I try and scale that product and I
would I would suggest that that's a very
inward looking view if you're looking
from the lens of your customer we all
participate in markets right if I am
going to decide to do something
buy a cup of coffee you know go to a gas
station that decision is based on my
Alternatives I'm spend so much money on
that category so picking the market is
actually what we do not Building
Products ultimately your products will
be delivered into a into you know behind
that mission of what Market you want to
enter but you are picking a market I
think that's the most important thing
if I'm a restaurateur for example and I
say hold on a second I can I'm a chef I
can cook lots of different things I'm
gonna open a restaurant business I have
a choice I want to either open a
high-end Steakhouse or I can open a a
family style business right I'm picking
a market right in the overall world
there's only so much money I'm going to
spend on high-end steakhouses there's
only so much money I'm going to spend on
on family-based restaurants when I make
a decision as to where I'm going to
spend my money it's against the market
in which you're participating my
favorite line from uh Frank slootman is
you know
only the government can print money the
rest of us have to take it from somebody
else right which I think is a pretty
profound state which tells us we all
participate in markets which are
somewhat finite and for me to take money
from the high-end restaurant business I
have to take it from somebody else
that's just how markets work markets are
fights so pick your Market wisely
if I'm going to pick a high-end
Steakhouse obviously the people that I'm
going to find are those that you know
are dressed a certain way that allow me
to charge a certain price you know I'm
going to walk into this high-end
restaurant with a maitre d that that is
going to make sure I feel like I'm about
to spend 500 bucks versus if I'm going
to be at a family restaurant I might
hire high school kids to do the same
thing my product development processes
are going to be different my lead to
cash processes are going to be different
because the way that I go to market is
predicated on the market that I pick
those people are different and lastly
the systems are different so like I said
how I build how I cook the food how I do
all the things related to the product
development process are just different
so it turns out picking the market is
the singular most important thing you're
going to do
if I were to give an example of it's
like what Facebook has done right
they've deliberately said we were a
social media company but I want to be a
metaverse company right they are making
a decision as to which Market they're
going to participate in for whatever
reason they believe that that's going to
be a big spend category I do
infrastructure I'm happy to sell them
the software that underpins it I have no
idea whether that's a good Market or not
but they are making the decision what
they then have to do is they have to go
find the people that know how to do that
so on the product introduction side who
knows how to build metaverse products
I'm not sure maybe it's the folks from
Linden Labs back in the day like they
know how to do that there are other
folks that do much better than me on the
lead to cash on the customer acquisition
side again how do I acquire customers
that's a totally different game relative
to being a social media company and
they're gonna have to find the people
that know how to do that
the systems associated with all those
aspects are also going to be different
so that basic model is how we think
about repeatable business building
whether it's a car wash or a restaurant
or whatever it might be my favorite
example is actually the folks at
snowflake who have been really in the
news
we were all looking at this Market 15
years ago of like data explosion I made
the decision I think this technology
called Hadoop is going to be the way
that data storage is done uh Bob mughley
and team said you know I think actually
the cloud data warehouse is how this is
all going to be solved they made a
decision do I build a data warehouse
where I build a cloud data warehouse
what Market do I want to be in they
decided hey all the net you did is going
to be generated largely around Cloud
therefore we're going to build a data
warehouse in Cloud because we think that
spend category is going to grow they
could have easily said I want to build a
data warehouse for the private Data
Center and they would have been wrong
because it turns out picking the market
is like I said the single most important
thing that we do when we build
businesses
they then set out to find the people and
they actually went and hired the team
from Oracle that built the original
relational uh or sorry analytic data
warehouse for Oracle uh the database
incumbent and on the go to market side
they hired a group of people from EMC
why because their customers are
Enterprise customers they needed to hire
sales people that knew how to how to
reach those particular people all
predicated on the market that they chose
the systems that they built again
customer acquisition systems you know
new product introduction systems lead to
Cache systems all predicated that this
is the market we're going after
so I'm always stuck by struck by those
three aspects and we get a lot of advice
particularly from our VC friends around
picking markets and hiring people we
certainly get a lot of feedback around
hiring people uh everyone's got opinions
about that one most of which I tend to
disagree with but such is the nature of
advice that we get what we don't talk
about is the really really hard bit
about the systems Building Systems
building means the hard day-to-day
execution that actually builds companies
we can all talk strategy we can all talk
about the right kind of people but it's
waking up every single day and building
the systems that builds companies
and doing that over extended periods of
time is how we build valuable companies
so what I want to talk about
just for the next 15 minutes or so are
the core aspects of system building that
we've learned from progressing through
those different stages of growth at the
companies we participated in
the very very first one is this notion
of phases I think this is the most
profound thing that we've observed over
the course of time I've worked for some
CEOs that are really really good at this
is understanding the different phases of
growth that companies go through
we use this sound bite a lot it says you
know we're all if you're the founder of
our company CEO of a company if you're
on the exact team of a company we all
get a lot of advice
but it's not that the advice is wrong
it's just that it's not typically
matched to the phase of my company
so for example someone might say you
know what you should really do a product
like growth model
and you should really build marketing
automation Machinery you should really
invest deeply in HubSpot and all the
things that come with that stack to
allow you to do this product like growth
motion
well should I
depends where I am in my face if I am
just in the discovery phase of whether I
have product Market fit that might be a
waste of money right so it's not that
the advice is wrong it's just not
matched to the phase
so for the last several companies we've
done we've actually mentally had this
identical model of phases which is there
are you know very distinct phases your
company goes through for us you know
these dollar values roughly match our
experience for you it'll be different
depending on what Market you're in
from zero to ten million dollars you're
literally just trying to figure out
patterns
from 10 to 30 million you're trying to
figure out how to reproduce those
patterns and that's when you're largely
at a product Market fit in our business
um there's something magical about the
30 million dollar number in my
experience uh when we can get products
of 30 million dollars they'll get to a
hundred right so that 30 million dollar
number really is important to us at 100
million you're just scaling out that
Playbook repeatability then there's
early scale then there's mid scale and
then typically around a billion dollars
people diversify their product portfolio
and say okay one product isn't enough
we're going to start going to adjacent
markets and growing
this has enormous enormous implications
for everything like let's just talk
about it through the lens of picking
markets
from zero to ten you're actually just
trying to discover what markets you're
in what do your buyers compare you to
like hey I might think I'm a database
but actually if it turns out your
customers don't think you're a database
you're not competing for database
dollars you're competing for some other
dollars maybe there are no dollars in
that in that market maybe you should
change your thesis if that's what you
think you're doing
if your product doesn't have have fit
people aren't reacting to the product at
zero to ten there's no point in putting
gas on the fire to expand it so this
notion of pattern matching is the very
first phase of the company life
for what it's worth when I first joined
hashicorp six and a half years ago we
were at zero and I had the inside sales
folks sit outside my office for a reason
because I wanted to hear every single
phone call they did I wanted to say what
are people reacting to what are they not
reacting to where are they where are
they calling BS on what we do that was
the 0 to 10 phase right it didn't matter
I had marking automation systems it's
irrelevant it's like do people believe
in what I'm selling and will they buy
from me even if it's experimental
at 30 million right now you're at a
slightly different scale now you got a
bunch more sales people right you've
just you've established that maybe that
market is right the same thing holds
true for the people's side of it and
this is obviously we all understand but
if you hire someone from Microsoft and
say come and help me build my company at
10 or 30 million dollars it's going to
be really really hard for them because
they just haven't seen it before it's a
different different game and the hard
part about startups and scaling startups
in my view is this phase shifting notion
which causes you to reinvent the company
at every step along the way and that is
hard that is why as I was joking you
know if you look at my corporate photo
from seven or ten years ago it looks
different from my corporate photo today
because it is hard to do this it is
Relentless Relentless Relentless and
most people trip through these phases so
the first and foremost this notion of
phases is critically important for your
Market picking for your people and for
your systems building comment and make
on Market in fact I saw the folks at
snowflake do this really really well
when they got to 500 million 700 million
they actually changed the market they
picked a different Market they used to
be in the data warehouse market ah
that's not a big enough market and they
deliberately shifted their Market to
more to a more broad data platform
market right why because it increases
their addressable Market they are
picking a different Market if they'd
done that early it would have failed
because they didn't have enough money
enough repeatability of what they were
doing to be able to make that real
on the system side
this is also why people say hey you got
to replace that VP all the time because
if the VP doesn't understand that they
are having to re-architect the systems
for the next phase everybody falls
right so when people are not far enough
out in front to architect for the next
phase next phase next phase that's when
companies hit a wall
let's just talk about what I mean by
systems
I'm a big fan of Ray dalio the
Bridgewater CEO and we actually have
plaques of this framework uh around our
office and always have when I talk about
systems I mean that mechanism that can
repeatably machine something into an
outcome
so I say hey my goal here is to build
you know a car how do I take the inputs
and repeatably output certain outcomes
that the system is the machine in the
middle it is the repeatable repeatable
machine in the middle and that's what we
are building when we build systems right
this is the hard part of what we do each
and every day I'll give you an example
let's just say for example I want to
build an expense processing system in my
Financial finance organization I want to
be able to predictably take a bunch of
inputs somebody playing expenses and
invoices and I want to Output those
expenses paid within 14 days and an
error rate of less than 0.1 percent that
is a system someone has to build that
system your system is comprised of
people so your company's comprised of
people and systems so this notion of
systems is the essence of company
building in my view if you pick the
right market then with good execution
you have the opportunity to build the
systems to make that company successful
if you pick the wrong Market no amount
of execution is going to help you but
this is what execution looks like to us
obviously your systems are very
different from other people's systems
and there's a reason for that is because
kind of the characteristics of your
company are in fact the systems of that
company that's what makes it repeatable
if I were to Envision what the employee
experience is like at something like
Oracle I can imagine what their uh you
know play expense reporting system is
it's probably not pleasant why because
unlike us you know we have a slightly
different view of the importance of
people and culture in the building of
these systems so the actual full view of
this of the dalio systems view is this
one which is it is built on top of your
culture and your people right so we had
an expense system back in the early days
where our head of Finance said just to
just submit your expenses and uh and if
you don't submit them uh you don't get
paid
and his comment when we released it was
if you don't submit your expenses we'll
have assumed you've been you know
abducted by aliens or something to that
effect everybody thought hey that's kind
of funny but it actually worked right
today if you forget your expenses we
have a mechanism for actually correcting
that back then right we didn't because
we couldn't afford it
systems workers our culture was very
very particular
our systems are built on culture and
people
the third learning I would I would just
just pause it as this one is is a
company is comprised of four distinct
plans and we draw it like this
it is in this order too a company is
built both on a financial plan that then
drives the people plan that gender has
the product plan that drives the go to
market plan and that reinforms the
financial plan it is in that order and I
don't mean hey I want to build a
financial plan to generate 10 million
dollars next year that's not what I mean
I mean I'm going to put in an Excel
spreadsheet that says we're going to
build X dollars in new excellent
expansion x and x and renewals X in this
geography X from this uh from this
product category and X from this segment
so very very detailed financial plan
which drives our business companies are
driven by a financial plan there's a
reason for it because it dictates the
Investments we're going to make so we
always start that says great what are we
trying to get to next year
extra 10 million in revenue is going to
be decomposed this way very very
specifically that is my thesis for how
this is going to unfold I might be wrong
but I'm going to have a thesis right
that then informs
and if I think I'm going to generate you
know 2 million dollars of that in the
United Kingdom I better have some sales
people in the United Kingdom right if
it's going to generate uh X from this
product category I better have
developers building that product
category and it drives my my resource
allocation system that then drives the
product plan in terms of what I can
commit to and then that then informs to
go to market plan with respect to how do
I get users on this journey with us
right so it is the very very tight
linkage of those four things that
actually systematically makes our
business go
I know this is obvious from the outside
but this
actually took us a long time to figure
out
this actually dovetails into the idea
that a company's like an orchestra and
when I do a an onboarding every which I
do every month uh to new employees I say
hey A company's like an orchestra I
could be in your seat you could be in
mine somebody has to be in all these
seats and then they say well hey what
are our objectives what are the company
objectives well
how can I have one set of company
objectives that Cascade into into okrs
if I have four different plans if you're
in the finance organization right your
objective is to build an expense
processing system this quarter right if
you're in the sales organization your
objective is to close x amount of
dollars in this category this quarter so
actually your whole company decomposes
into these four categories whether you
like it or not and understanding that
there is no unified set of objectives
across all of them but rather actually
objectives across all four of the Court
the wheels of your car is sort of the
core learning of the systems of your
company uh that we've learned from the
inside
Okay cool so we have these four
different plans that doesn't feel very
systemy to me
I would posit that actually accompanies
nothing more than a set of Interlocking
Systems so this is actually how we draw
it we go great
early on in your life maybe when you're
10 million dollars you start hiring
execs that are going to run each of
these different functions right for what
it's worth you know I believe Finance
person HR person has a product I
actually split uh sales marketing and
customer success into three different
functions uh inside the go to market
organization I don't believe it's a good
idea to put those all in one person for
what it's worth not until you get much
much later but conceptually those are
the four aspects of your company when
you hire those execs what they will then
do for you is build the systems right
that's why we need them early on in your
life you know actually early on in our
life in this last company I built all
those systems it wasn't very fun then I
brought in execs and I said you're going
to build the extension of this system
and the extension of this system I was
deeply involved in all of them you are
architecting this if you're the founder
of your company for a long time it
probably wasn't until we got to about
100 million dollars in Revenue that I
fully relinquished some aspects of this
hey you're running Finance I trust you
to do this it was until we hit much much
larger than that that I was willing to
relinquish to go to market system so
your role goal in orchestrating this as
a CEO founder if that's who some of you
are will change it's not like oh I'm
going to hire ahead of finance and
they're going to build all the systems
no they don't know how to do that
because they don't understand the
culture of their company they don't
understand the people and they don't
understand your business well enough to
be left alone to do it over time you're
trying to get them to do this uh
unmanaged or lightly managed what they
are what they are doing underneath them
is hiring sub sort of directors of
functions and you can see how this
Cascades into org structure across the
different aspects so that should say
cash collection system on the on the
left right how do we invoice our
customers and and have that have that
cash be received well whoever runs
Finance is going to hire a controller or
somebody on underneath them and their
job is to create that repeatable system
on the people side it's your talent
acquisition system their job of the of
the of the TA lead is to do that on the
product side the hard part is how do we
take feedback from the market and
repeatably machine that into into
Innovation that gets brought to market
right that's a new product introduction
system
on the lead to Cash System just an
example of a system that gets built in
the go to market side ultimately it
looks like this your company is just a
composition of different systems Within
These core functions all not very very
complicated but you can also see like I
said how this ultimately manifests in
org structure so you have someone
running the product system or the go to
market system you have the lead to Cash
System you have a sale to Renewal system
you have a resource allocation system
perhaps maybe those are the big ones you
measure right we run Process reviews on
each of these systems so we don't just
say let's have someone create the system
I don't trust people to create the
systems because people aren't always
great at the system design
we run Process reviews every month I
want to see what the system looks like
we'll talk about results at the end of
the quarter but I want to see the system
because I'm trying to enforce the entire
organization to understand that their
job is about systems building their job
is about anticipating phases and
re-architecting those systems for the
next phase our lead to Cash System when
we had 10 million dollars in Revenue
obviously looked very different from the
lead to Cash System when we are today
that had to get re-architected
re-architect re-architected and most
people aren't that great at that
truthfully the people that do well in
startups are people that can do that
right it's a sort of a different breed
of people
really really importantly is you have to
shift those systems by phase and this
sort of the point I was making right
the system design of the go to market
side which tends to be the most acute
the different phases is acute right
re-architect re-architect re-architect
re-architect
and I think like I said this is where
many companies struggle I was actually
talking with some Public Market
investors a couple weeks ago in in New
York and I said hey what do you look for
in companies like what's interesting to
you and they said hey we look for two
things number one
companies that obviously have product
Market fit cool and then with number two
we look for those that can transcend
certain Revenue break points and they
say typically it's 500 million dollars
in a billion and you're like well
can you talk a bit more about why that
is and they go well it's pretty
straightforward is because getting from
zero to 500 million is about product
Market fit and minor execution getting
from 500 million plus a lot of companies
hit a wall because of this exact notion
is because the system design that's
required to get from 500 to a billion is
totally different than what got you to
500 million sometimes it happens earlier
because previously it only mattered that
I had enough quota capacity for example
if I'm a sales driven organization to
hit the 500 million dollar number when
numbers get really really big it's like
do I have enough quarter capacity in
Japan in these two regions with enough
leads to support them it's an
operational challenge so it's a system
design challenge it's a process uh it's
a process scrutiny all the time to make
sure that those systems are appropriate
for the next bit and most people aren't
good at that so you're like noted makes
sense to me we are obsessed obsessed
obsessed with phase shifts
those systems really just visually look
like that
the last point maybe to talk through
obviously I can talk about the stuff all
day I find it fascinating this is like
uh like there's like a dark art that
nobody really talks about is for this
notion of system design
whose responsibility is it to redesign
the systems
someone showed me this picture years ago
and it kind of resonated because it just
makes sense
management structures are about ladder
time Horizons so if I'm an individual
contributor sales rep like we give them
six month quotas they are only focused
on six months I can assure you if you're
a developer you're focused on the next
six months the next couple of quarters
what I have to do the managers of those
people maybe they're thinking 12 months
out
the leadership team that reports to me
they're thinking 18 months out and my
job is 36 months but the leadership team
I kind of go back to the point where we
get a lot of pressure from our investors
hey this person's not scaling this
person's not scaling you've got to
replace them
implicitly this is what they're
referring to they don't think about it
this way but implicitly they're saying
hey there are phase shifts ahead if the
person running HR is not 18 months ahead
anticipating the new system that's
required for the next phase the whole
company is going to trip and it's your
fault and they're right right so the
leadership team becomes critically
critically critically important at
scaling companies
because they have to have the 18-month
time Horizon
and obviously this is what makes high
scale companies really really hard is
because you transfer transitions so many
phases so many phases so many phases so
quickly that it actually gets past
people
and so the ideal person in your
leadership team is someone who's both
seen startups but also seen scale and
they know how to get there because that
way they can say I know what it looks
like at scale but obviously that's not
going to work but I kind of know what
we're building towards I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna go I'm gonna get there
in four stages and this is how we're
gonna do it so this notion of time
Horizons is critical critical critical
to company building
is think about the the leadership team
they really are most focused on the
systems if you think about it they're
focused on the systems and the people
the only person that's focused on the
market is me
my job is to make sure that I am 36
months out
in terms of making sure we're picking
the right Market to be in so that we
don't run out of Tams so that we don't
run out of opportunities so we can
continue to grow at the horrendous Pace
that our investors expect
that is my job
that is what makes the CEO job so so
difficult in my opinion is because
technology markets move so quickly you
have to figure out how to stay ahead of
the way ahead of the way ahead of the
way in fact my favorite interview years
ago with Bill Gates and uh Warren
Buffett someone said to him hey Warren
you guys are great friends why don't you
ever invest in Microsoft and Warren
Buffett's answer was because technology
is like surfing a wave like you can be
on the wave and then boom you fall off
the wave and you're done and you can't
catch back up because the markets move
so fast and so it's just really really
unpredictable
and that is exactly why Market picking
is our problem so I'm always 36 months
out Market wise but I'm also forcing the
leadership team to accept that their job
is Phase face should phase shift
and that's why you get the feedback like
I said that hey that person's got to go
because they're not making the next
phase because they haven't seen the next
phase and I go I'm not sure I agree if
you look at my leadership team over the
last couple of companies we've done like
there's actually a lot of first timers
in there because it is systems thinkers
not experience that wins if you can
think about our re-architect that system
your job and leadership team is not to
pick the market it is to re-architect
the systems regularly that is something
that can be learned systems thinkers are
the ones that do that best
we've gone through these phases here
um you know what without given the
specifics of our Revenue we're we're a
public company now we've gone through
all of these all these phases here but
we are absolutely dogged about
re-architect re-architect re-architect
re-architect and I would say I spend all
my time making sure that the company
doesn't trip if I get it wrong if I'm
not 36 months ahead the company does
trip right and we've been very very
fortunate that I work for uh once you
know in particularly was really really
good at this that just sort of
introduced us to this notion of of
fascia fascia fascia facial phase shift
so if I were to summarize it I have one
more thing I'll add after this one you
know for us scaling systems really about
these five things the notion of phase
shifts really matters
goals systems outcomes
finest plan people plan product plan go
to market plan
your company is ultimately a set of
Interlocking Systems people come and go
systems endure right so if someone were
to leave your Finance team tomorrow you
could replace them with somebody else
because the system already exists
that'll get them for the next six months
12 months but the system exists and
that's how it works
the last thing I leave you with here
because we've been in the startup world
you know I've been doing it for 20 plus
years and we have we've actually had
this slide in one of our decks for quite
a long time which we jokingly refer to
as the the three IPS of startup life the
first one really really matters I think
this is what makes Silicon Valley so
unique and so repeatable
we jokingly call it intellectual
philanthropy which is kind of a dumb
phrase but it reminds me it makes an IP
work
the startup world is small you cross
paths with people multiple times both on
the upswing and the downswing we should
all have a lot of humility humility
about the downswing we all encounter
downswings right we're all just
struggling to survive right we should be
helping each other and so we do it's all
in the execution right ideas are free
you can read a book about Andy Grove
building Intel you can't do it
just because you read the book so
there's no harm in sharing the
information with others in our ecosystem
number two we are paranoid this actually
comes from Microsoft they are paranoid
someone's trying to kill me all day all
day all day and I'm not going to let
that happen that's a hard way to live
but it's also the way you survive
because markets are fights right
no matter how well you do or while you
did a thing assume someone else is about
to do it better right we are paranoid
paranoid paranoid about markets and
execution and the last one is actually
probably the most important to me which
is startups are about elevating into the
information flow
once you're in the information flow of
the market it's actually not that hard
to figure out what to build what what
people are reacting to what to sell
elevating into that market information
flow is how it's done you know as a
company today we interface with probably
a thousand of the global 2000 who who
share their infrastructure plans with us
every time we meet with them it's not
that hard to figure out what to build
for them getting to that point where you
have the credibility to engage in that
market information flow really really
hard
that's my ask if you have the
opportunity to get into the information
flow you will get the rest of it right
we're out of time thank you for coming
today and and hanging out appreciate it
[Music]